# Concordia CS50 Final
#### Video Demo: <URL HERE>
#### Description:
My project was a scannable menu, for customers to use in my made up restraunt, Concordia. The latin word Concordia means harmony, and I named my restraunt after this to show how great the result will be, if the world uses its diversity (in this case food) to work in harmony through different cultures. My restraunt emphasizes this peaceful message, and the webpages created also hope to mimic this theme. The project was coded on a VSCODE repository external to the CS50 codespace, and utilized Flask, Jinja2, and HTML. The website was heavily focused on design and graphic elements, therefore there isn't much backend code, and it is static. As for the contents of the website, the menu, using bootstrap tools like a navbar, to allow the user to toggle between Concordia's diverse food cultures: Asian, Indian, Italian, Middle Eastern, and Mexican. Each culture contains two appetizers and specials. In addition, Concordia's canva created logo is a Lotus, another instance of trying to establish the peaceful theme in our website graphic design. The webiste was deployed through render, which allows it to be viewed publicly. The point of the project is so that when customers get seated at Concordia, to enhance their experience and minimize paper use in menus, they can scan the qr code at their table, and pull up the menu.
  This is all in hopes to one day own my own restraunt. Just for fun, maybe when I am retired. I always thought about what food/cuisine i will serve, and I have figure why not serve them all. I understand this is difficult to do and possibly even unattainable, while this is my imaginary restraunt, with my imaginaray menu I will do it. I will feauture, an Asian, Indian, Italian, Mexican, and Middle Eastern cuisine. The selections for the Asian portion is highlighted by traditional Fried Rice and Lo Mein. The selections for the Indian portion of the menu, are highlighted by paneer and dosa, showcasing both North and South of the country. The italian slections feautre Pasta, and Pizza. The mexican selections feature, Tacos and my personal favorite, Chalupas. Finally, the middle eastern portion is highlighted by Hummus and Gyros. Either way, I hop my restraunt can be a one stop shop for all thing food. And in my imaginary world, I think it will allow Concordia to be a household favorite.
  More importantly, this restraunt represent something bigger than food. It is supposed to bring people together, my mashing different cultures, cuisines, and people together. Our world has never been so modernized, but it has also never been divided. New conflicts continue to rise and brew, and affect our everyday lives. From wars in the Middle east, to Europe, to Africa. Hate is being spread in the forms of violence, and otherwise. The message of acceptance seems lost in our constant fighting. That is what we hope to end at Concordia. We strive to lift up all cultures, and diminish any hate. Our exsistence as a restruant is to provide hope, and be a threat to any ideologies of hate.
  This project tests my web building skills. Specifically in html and css. There was a lot I had to learn and needed help on. I minimally used chatgpt to debug, and my parents. I also watched youtube videos and learned how to host a website. As mentioned before I used render, which I have previously had no experience using. It was a good experience for me to learn how to use it, and eventually implement it. I jhope to use these skills I learned in a handful of other passion project ideas that are going through my mind.
